hi all my name is Vasily behind the scenes
not as always helps the eugraf today we
we will prepare b-52 full numerical
requests like any famous cocktail
naturally nobody knows who and when
came up with b-52
but he has this less clear
version which tends to
52 came up in the seventy-seventh year in
Canada
this cocktail is named after
biffy's american bomber
titus and so the Americans are even lower
sometimes called his bee classic
cocktail recipe
implies three ingredients baileys
coffee liqueur and now i'm
surprisingly sure it never
triple sec
And it never even Cointreau and this
orange liquor board leg nicky
only grande marie
variations of type b 53b 56 there and so on in
57 if i'm not mistaken instead of grant
mariette added Cointreau
or triple sec and this is the classic
b-52 which most of us drink
today we give a little bit of tradition
share one cocktail for the entire film crew
the group
let's do two at once and honestly split them and
in the count and share stick in groups
she does not share with the film crew
we can say about layers
following a banal thing in all three
drinks different sugar content and
correspondingly different density if anyone
taught physics and chemistry they understand that
different densities suspect different weights
accordingly if you pour them
neatly then all this will not be
mix will go to bed neatly
layers that we try today
make well we will naturally
use class
but basically
if you are belly or if you have not found Halla
you can use any
another drink
all three ingredients come in different
parts
next we take crawled out again if you
miser if you do not have fox you can
add some other liquor
e.g. Bragansa class just below and
if you are at all capital brawl you
you can just mix condensed milk with vodka
and in principle, as well, too
anywhere a few words about how to pour
so that nothing I mixed
I prefer to use this
bar spoon at the end of which you have
such a rounding which is called
heel can be turned and poured
neatly on the spoon itself well I
again a recipe for miser you can
just use a knife and a knife blade
neatly important do not convince yourself
pour the second layer today we will
cook naturally with Cointreau
as most do that way
neatly pour Cointreau
most difficult because its density
most closely in the forest and they are so so
fall on each other but when
a certain skill if you don't drink a lot
the day before it can happen
about igniting Russian people always
set fire to b-52
but generally it is believed that the b-52 is burning it
slightly different drink and the flame in my
fifty tu
and he even has his echoes in history
because that same bomber
thanks to which the cocktail b-52 received
his name he
dumped the so-called bomb lighters
so this cocktail and began to set fire
and so he got her
distribution for those who want
Cocktail 5 I set fire to them
highly recommend not first
lower the straw
thoughtfully look at her and then
start drinking and first take a straw in
mouth and lowering it immediately start drinking
because otherwise the straw
just finish add one more
where up to at best you won't drink
cocktail worst case you drink
a little burnt plastics and it smells
so so what a eugraph in spite of
shooting bans I suggest
Naturally set fire with a toothpick is not easier
I think that this is not easier because you
should keep her on the edge and in this
cocktail case must be
poured to the top and in this case it
impossible to convey to a drunken friend on
dance floor I have nowhere and somehow do not carry
so I poured almost
completely well and do not cost too long
carry a cocktail for the widows of an explicit friend on
dance floor because a glass can
heat up too much and just
burst do like me
[music]
lukewarm heat spreads over
the archway is a beautiful cocktail but in large
quantities naturally not day not
recommended and naturally not needed
never drink it like this when he
is burning
It would seem that this stupid statement
type thanks cap but I watched it
repeatedly and therefore I say no
so do it is fraught with consequences
subscribe to our groups in
VKontakte in facebook
look for us on YouTube and remember the most
the best cocktails humor at the bar
you can find in the association group
bartenders drink amounts of gentlemen
[music]
Yes, you look more
see more drink less important
otherwise you will drink more
then you will look less then me
it seems it is interconnected dressed rangers
there will also be a comment will be just
more such too come across now
it became clear to me where the incoherent
comments people are experimenting at home
Well done boys